---
title: OpenCon
bg: '#112d4e'
color: white
fa-icon: comments
published: true
---

## What is OpenCon?

"[OpenCon](http://www.opencon2017.org "OpenCon Homepage") is a platform for the next generation to learn about Open Access, Open Education, and Open Data, develop critical skills, and catalyze action toward a more open system for sharing the world’s information -- from scholarly and scientific research, to educational materials, to digital research data."

OpenCon is an annual event where individuals involved in projects advancing the state of open science meet to discuss best practice, share experience with others, get inspired and get things done! Throughout the year, satellite events give a chance to the community to meet locally and keep on working on these issues.

## Why OpenCon Switzerland?

It is time for Switzerland to have its own forum and give a chance for open advocates in the country to meet and discuss. Thanks to support from the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF), the OpenCon Switzerland satellite event will happen in Bern and will bring open science practictioners together with individuals advocating for openness in other contexts.

We beleive such a forum will catalyse a debate at the national level and provide the opportunity for next-generation open science advocates to meet and connect within Switzerland, and with the international community.

## Who Should Attend?

OpenCon is for the next-generation of open science advocates. They can be early career researchers - from doctoral students to young PIs, librarians, individuals working in the publishing industry, policy advisors and administrators involved in setting the open science or open government agendas, and anyone from the civil society pushing for a more open government.
